SMIME stderr bug fix (#23230)
demisto/content: Packs/SMIME_Messaging/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### SMIME Messaging

> Fixed an issue where unwanted messages from external python libraries were printed to screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where unrelated messages from external python libraries were printed to the screen.
```
